
Update 7.05 Oct 2025
  1) Updated  PTZ speed ranges to provide more flexability across the range. Note: You must be using V 7.* of the WIFI controller software to use this code
Update 7.0 April 2025
  1) Added a beta version of Auto Focus/zoom Limits which has the system establish the limits automaticly.
  Note this function is still in beta testing but shows promiss. If it does not work for you the previouse manual method is still available.
  In order to use the function the PTZplus WIFI controller must also be updated to version 7
  The system also know establishes a home position for both Focus and zoom (If available) on startup.
Update v6.06 10th Jan 2024
  1) Changed the way the speed is scaled from the ajustment knob on the controller when the head is being controlled using the joysticks. The knob now changes the scaller speed of the head
  as well as the acceloration factor allowing for very slow moves when filming or faster moves when setting up preset poses.
 
  Update v6.03 8thNov 2023
  1) Fixed a bug which was causing the pan stepper to vibrate when performing very slow PTZ joystick realtime moves.

  Update v6.01 6thNov 2023
  1) Fixed a bug which caused all PTZ WIFI cameras to adopt the same ID as the last head powered up.

  Update Notes v6.00: 23rd Oct 2023

  1) Now supports up to 4 WIFI camera systems rather than the original 3.
  2) Also know supports 9 pose/preset positions over the original 6. 16 are available for wired VISCA control
  3) Two poses 15 & 16 have been reserved in order to allow triggering of the current A-B and sequencer setups with or withought bounce.
  these can also be triggered from VISCA by calling pose 15 or 16 respectivly.
  4)The setup menu also now alows you to set a delay at the start and end of bounce moves. This also sets a recording pause at the end of A-B moves
  before the system returns to its home position. The pause can be 1-10 seconds. This setting is stored in memorry and recalled on reboot.
  5) A number of small bugs have been fixed along the way however I am unsure which of these were in the last version and which were required as
  a result of the added functionality so I will not list.
  6)ESP32 board updates were giving issues with the encoders this has know been fixed and we are know able to compile the code with Arduino IDE 2.*
  7)The application also now uses the currently current! FastAccelStepper library.
  8) Firmware numbering has been updated across the hole system. To keep things simple all parts of the system must be running the first part of the version number so this update is 6.
  If indevidual parts of the system require an update which does not effect the other parts this can happen as here v6.03. The first number "6" will only increment if the update effect all parts of the system
  and it will increment on all firmware parts. So in the case of this update all parts of the system must be updated to v6.** stay compatable.
